the July brass line is rising
to be much more than a
alternative transportation within the
great abc
it will be another connection between abc and
metropolitan region of são paulo
favoring more than 2 million people
this time through the subway the new line
will transform the lives of many people
will initially transport more than 300
thousand passengers a day by connecting
municipalities of são paulo santo andré são
Bernardo and are caetano will be 15.7
kilometers extending through 13
new stations of the tamanduateí in the
east of são paulo to the djalma dutra in
St Bernard
line 18 will be integrated into the system
metropolitan area of ​​transportation through
important avenues in the station
Tamanduateí it integrate green line 2
subway line 10 beyond the turquoise line of
cptm at the station afonsina join future
line 20-pink subway in the city hall
from bernardo
it will also integrate the corridor
metropolitan are mateus jabaquara and
route will serve up a populous neighborhood and
devoid of transport heliopolis
while passing by the boys stream
the new line will promote
urban regeneration around the
avenues Lauro Gomes and the liberty
permanently joining the two sides
today hacked by code
the construction model of the work will be a
ppp private public partnership and the
will feature light subway technology
of the monorail type with tracing stations
with 26 30 the fleet will be equipped
with air-conditioning security cameras
and accessibility for people with
special needs
the whole operation will be automated without
presence of drivers that the train will have
free passage between cars
as already happens in line 4 the route
between the stations of already a dutra and
tamanduateí will take 24 minutes
how the line will be integrated with other
of djalma dutra paulista for example with
landmarks will take 46 minutes 37 less
of what he spent before and will have much
student coming home early
because the new line will also
many universities and as subway takes
development through which all
surrounding area of line 18 bronze
can be transformed by attracting new
new companies new trades
new residences new opportunities
Related Searches